Please work through Chapters 1 and 2 of the tutorial found here:

https://www.learnenough.com/git-tutorial

As you do so, please follow the additional directions below
CAREFULLY!

In class, we set up a Github account, created a repo there,
and then cloned it to our local CoCalc account. If you were
not in class, you'll need to follow the instructions
in the file "Setting_up_Github.txt".


Section 1.1 and Section 1.2:

  If you followed the directions above, you have already changed your
  global configuration settings as explained in Section 1.1. And since
  your local repo has now been established, you do not need to complete
  the steps in Section 1.2. So just read both these sections, but you
  do not need to type any of the code you find here.

Section 1.3:

  This section is called "Our first commit". We already made a commit in
  class, so technically, this won't be your first. Also, you command prompt will
  look like

  ~/Git/Git_tutorial_S18/Learning-Git$

  and not like the one shown in the tutorial ([website (master)]$).

  Note that this section gives you both options:

    git add -A

  and

    git add .

  We'll prefer the latter, but it doesn't really matter.

Section 1.4:

  Fine as is.

Section 1.5:

  The "atom" command will not work. The "open" will work, but it will open
  the file in CoCalc (which is fine). If you prefer to stay inside the terminal, just
  use nano as we did in class.

Section 1.6:

  Fine as is.

Section 1.7:

  Summary

Section 2.1:

  You've already set up a Github account in class, so no need to do any of that.
  And skip all stuff about SSH keys.

Section 2.2:

  We've already set up the remote repo, so no need to do that. (As a general rule,
  I find it easier to set up the repo on Github and clone it than to set up
  the repo locally with "git init" and then have to "git add remote".)

  The only command you should type from this section is

    git push

  That will update Github with all the changes you've been making to the index.html
  file.

Section 2.3:

  Since you initialized your repo in Github to include a README file, this file
  already exists. No need to edit it to say all the stuff in the tutorial.

Section 2.4:

  Summary


And that's it! Go back to Github and grab the url for your repo. Make sure it looks like

  https://github.com/<username>/Learning-Git

Paste that url into the assignment submission box in Canvas before the due date.
